Date: 01/12/2023

#easy 
#leetcode 
#string

# Problem

> Given two string arrays `word1` and `word2`, return `true` _if the two arrays **represent** the same string, and_ `false` _otherwise._

> A string is **represented** by an array if the array elements concatenated **in order** forms the string.

## Examples

---
**Example 1:**

**Input:** word1 = `["ab", "c"], word2 = ["a", "bc"]`
**Output:** true
**Explanation:**
word1 represents string "ab" + "c" -> "abc"
word2 represents string "a" + "bc" -> "abc"
The strings are the same, so return true.

---
**Example 2:**

**Input:** `word1 = ["a", "cb"], word2 = ["ab", "c"]`
**Output:** false

---
**Example 3:**

**Input:** `word1  = ["abc", "d", "defg"], word2 = ["abcddefg"]`
**Output:** true


# Code

### Version 1

``` Python
def arrayStringsAreEqual(word1,word2):
	return ''.join(word1) == ''.join(word2)
```

The idea:
- The function takes two arrays of strings, `word1` and `word2`.
- It uses the `join` method to concatenate all strings in each array into a single string.
- The concatenated strings from both arrays are then compared using the equality operator (`==`).
- If the concatenated strings are equal, the function returns `True`; otherwise, it returns `False`.
- Essentially, this approach converts the arrays of strings into single strings and compares them directly.

**Time Complexity: O(n + m)**
**Space Complexity: O(n + m)**

### Version 2

``` Python
def arrayStringsAreEqual(word1,word2):
	return all(starmap(eq, zip_longest(chain.from_iterable(word1), chain.from_iterable(word2))))
```

The idea:
- The function utilizes advanced features from the `itertools` library.
- It employs `chain.from_iterable` to flatten the lists of strings into a single list of characters.
- `zip_longest` pairs up corresponding elements from both lists, handling uneven lengths.
- The `starmap` function applies the equality (`eq`) function to each pair of characters obtained from `zip_longest`.
- The `all` function checks if all equality comparisons are true, indicating that the strings are equivalent.
- If all comparisons are true, the function returns `True`; otherwise, it returns `False`.
- In essence, this version compares the strings character by character without explicitly concatenating them into a single string.

**Time Complexity: O(n + m)**
**Space Complexity: O(n + m)**
